https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1bVWWoX-HCxkZVcdXHWUtr79HLQapP6Gz // Django
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1o7amYBuWP4v04mABWUxhpk1E35hQsQsl // Forrest Gump
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1Mz6NZVWmpjy3YHDMr6JcXuDFNIY67MsY // Leon
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1SAwWB9AtmD6nk6awgQwqF33DWp2n0UBG // Green Book
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1VFiQqUaTFUwLFh1BPGe6Nyg4nSR9GXT7 // Inception
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1_nFFcwgCxPagEsiomtfrLVKPIeTTJf0p // Pulp Fiction
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=18c9qr_9OVfwjv-fdgHlGLc0WUp6cPSY9 // Whiplash
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1yCO8xgBQPD4tbjXvtSKt3h_4sFv8MnnI // Gladiator
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1rCYVdh9OXbQSHs0X5UjqA8cCnd1Ya8Ri // Fight Club
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1jTRDSZX5vo5NmJN18VCfYhNhsCDNbzXK // Shawshank Redemption
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1hs1puSL_5ZSOmSpVcHry4d9cqwpn2f8w // Dogma
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1fdlSINUajokCOsSP0PjMGTFKbemSnsvZ // I am Legend
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1bV8gEIONNO_c6EA0VumNGZL8JXbMLTJK // Christoph Waltz
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1vvlxVyQaMaHA-PKrskWD-a2ZcEz1cN39 // Will Smith
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1E2dfg7_i6O1gf6nv_LCk_pA7QMtZ-R6x // Johnny Depp
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=14pKmi5yhQAgzyPeI4Fm-mDbbwDmslZ27 // Leonardo di Caprio
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=14bAoSuPWjNWjKOF2aol69nlX1WJ9Ovd1 // Joe Pesci
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1_1h1gk3cCJiLyNEtYj-db1OqK8IGewmv // Tom Hanks
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1P3ARs4FwkMThtStLE2N-vTSaiiUk2BgO // Mark Strong
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1fAA2l_YhTthOe1GWgy2hT7Zvfj1KOTJl // Tim Roth
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1GCsVkLG7rlP-J1SIJSnPm7nYO1dnsfcn // Jim Carrey
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1d8I0iFNVdcRCggSV08f4QuumpuCqU_7d // John Malkovich
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1A-xwglRP5yM3Ih7j4sgVxUn5k8nIeK2t // Jessie Eisenberg
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1LciRS0rGUEvTC8MDhbL4F25NdWYAkuoV // Robert Downey JR
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1Ie-EH5AzqsA31ego5HwDIWrsXG8IaiCB // Alan Rickman
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1SEYu8R0tQJ3arkWHVALZkVyeU0b9hnPb // Leonardo di Caprio - Shutter Island
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1zHGS6zmtTjjGFMCR9hilhTZ5JQuyUMrj // Graham Chapman - Monthy Python
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1ZxnNu7t9TcUXLSwSxrI80AgbAVT2XKzd // Kurt Russel
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1IPs82cLUAKFJSmkK_ewVM9ZeYu8NCZT2 // Collin Firth
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1Vh49LceqPoPb-JAmbGXGCrSsASqq_Q0g // Liam Neeson - Ted2
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1OdJVQBdwOFaNVqHXqEeMCMGX5VM4MxRa // Margot Robbie (Big short)
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1dyG8VGyeF7VB1y01bq7dYX0dZAK_URzo // Tom Hardy - Legend
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1UkJsjCtB7ip5Q2BSBJfwiG4BrLniFgY4 // Matt Damon - Martian
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1dBoKwbceD_Iskj4kC_xdwxcIZTaiN-vP // Samuel L Jackson - Heightful eight
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1nhcy0c9NA5HBPY3ydVRqvWWUc9V9xH3S // Kevin Spacey - Baby Driver
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1dWpP-bp9SdtPGEv2nSHbei3Eod-EYkIe // John Cleese - Life of Brian
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1cnxUB92MztovBLpYpgT5dFH-LvdnPCpS // Ryan Reynolds - Deadpool
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1RgZLVrd96t4VChU6Uo6z4zsi9m348vbv // Gentlemen - Charlie Hunnam
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1ljn7IHbecNENCWvI85gHRzcf8hNTHGl2 // Knives out - Chris Evans
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1RNxdx9XyatKr12sae1YinNGpMYhefTUt // John Wick - Keanu Reeves
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1043U_REcUysfjNLuBDXgmJlJYty034Ko // Joker - Jaquoin Phoenix
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1U_7BmSsrkELxL5jebR_rRzwBrz5HC8tM // Javier Bardem
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1VIiOngh7BRFX6jWvyZ-I7rpE4rcsSVek // Rachel McAdams - Red Eye
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1TqXa5qGKD6by2JdC25UbxbnR5scEoPWN // Borat - Sacha Baron Cohen
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1LfS3yK-W1NHTrZabFgM_7GjI6m7BeUUY // Emma Stone - La la Land
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1nYbeY31EKlIyp4CTD1ACB55Dq1YP5iJO // Channing Tatuum - 22 Jump Street
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1sab08gGH8hyEQEagew1Y8NX9EBTJdlRL // The Room - Tommy Wiseau
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1BLFbrbAMhkq46vS_EaNpt4v-qkTEMIRp // Black Panther - Chadwick Boseman
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1mufMMJ9-RFw5xH4p5QmBZdB8K2qxT3wQ // Once upon a time - Brad Pitt
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1LJGRRPHH3ZHvF4HIZpQwu4_4ffaqKN7f // Seven - Kevin Spacey
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1kHTOGv149brSToDSPRfoJigeAJOqVFJf // Free Guy - Ryan Reynolds
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1jcwCh7_fxzR2r4HXBtp8xcUlr6TUlOyN // The Family - Robert de Niro
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=19i9sJ5u23Qb-3ugmryCo0_KZcO0NDURB // Le mans 66' - Christian Bale
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1Mz7UWxfrUb0fzRsPyEuk3chxopty_fA_ // Babylon - Margot Robbie
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1ZGXZizirQ1cvXuOYy2t1PkrTh_YdHSGx // Barbie - Ryan Gosling
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1E9OY_k2LMd8JixLXsLbO9oxLtx1rpuRO // Fantastic Mr Fox - George Clooney
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1v_h6lhrnGB2pNyZeXF2s4KaffJSFS9Bf // Good Will Hunting - Matt Damon
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1qI6ORxPHfiq_bYSSQfZjUlmwyx37Slz9 // 21 - Kevin Spacey
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1egddOCPEjDokBbWGvrnwtbubqWRQAypY // Taken - Liam Neeson
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1pUO9X0-bdk5xbjtORDje5htwdNzDI2a8 // Hunger Games - Jenniefer Lawrence
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1bHUxSq_SBz1eIoPb1J88uYCmzZ3zMomq // Saving Private Ryan - Tom Hanks
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1lFLmVjDyWtJKc9wur4Fy5LeuuSO34UUc // Indiana Jones - Harrison Ford
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1raIujBZ2-k1YSEp6YD1autFtcvKSr-Rq // Sherlock Holmes - Downey JR
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1CAhqD8WJF8VyLgT_DqoHQht5EwQRmvNR // American Psycho - Christian Bale
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1iZfdiApWnZVk-44oJYgpKcUX2OaI5Bs7 // The Shining - Jack Nicholson
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1nx9X6BmTEZtlZh4mMhzyyBLIAEPExOLN // Scent of a Woman - Al Pacino
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1Vte9zKfYR24xQlx0J-RO_7depuppnPMR // One flight over the Cuckoo's nest - Jack Nicholson
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1UiCMMSyDPZXhOA3Xc7ahmkv6wNkWNgwb // Van Helsing - Hugh Jackman
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1msPxMTkdJAc1lSyN4uGfyo76p0xjR1qr // Intorelable Cruelty - George Clooney
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1tAexJCeHxR0qchBS5O8Z8EvK2JJS0zr7 // The Truman Show - Jim Carrey

Character
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1XmGjGElDJtSHmqy6lQfHNiAcScwD9ZQr // Loki
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1BuDikPGAXGpL_dkGdvyk3U_qfKeJLBiG // Leonidas
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1AhJmAGYn10YpzCQS3eh5gQ1bbaGGj-2c // Alan
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1LyB-ixpGLUpkKJYL3yuyJPeEirM9kWMy // Gandalf
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=17B75u3ooOkO70nm1FMJZZKPThUh0rc5j // Jordan Belford
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1o7FrXOAfNpME7nG8ZDKyRAaS0tUbNvvB // Vito Corleone
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1gEVTXWp3bTzMRoXIEwwvBSqTFO2Ss32w // Hannibal Lecter
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1bEFV_tD4iIHryCoLRy9OXhYsdb0dub0z // Smaug
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=14WSREYKJk7REbLePFpnW7BLjcmEZi005 // Brick
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1xyGMyhnNn3kATRm95y6DBAIRcHpzlAX3 // Morpheus
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=134BjAZ15my0TFYpDe167ZRizgtEMY7rw // Agent Smith
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1LvkQLFXLe-cyMCasvt3YvdAEVZ9Yzau_ // Captain America - Age of ultron
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1qqgbyGBfGvq8bV-xK0KFCFVJi8Dwylyq // Rocket - Guardians of the galaxy
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1p2xOxY1vNt1Bor2zLy7o0GFgu2PLdxzt // Obi Wan Kenobi
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=15j6g3XF5kITQHa3wKAcQzisx0BSKeZXY // The Dark Knight - Joker
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1K6Omi7nSu5VDquWX_Ag3kIb8iv_0MCLL // Bullet Train - Lemon
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1_WGYV9y3DM0hheZTGe4-aMaOGaZo5Og7 // Stuber - Stu
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1wUM8ybuv1BjVU4fLrdnqVCYumfaseyBM // Life of Pi - Pi Patel

Conversation
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1k2RVdGYr-QSR0ddzqfIThJy0OLFijNjS // Gimli + Legolas
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1uv11qb2dh5S7CtvFsAefoVbm3g98-VoU // Elizabeth Swann + Jack Sparrow
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1b4xzP8P5WtIk2hQj0Y0t9McWylGlKqj4 // Ben + Dan
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1OaJ8X_5998NukWkwZRvT7h52cpCHN10L // God + Bruce
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1U7W9Y2kmNv9uQFMooLZxlxM58lWzm2vT // Steve Rogers + Bucky Barnes
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1kTUI9qlXuhpAi9S4SlGmZgEO8Xvunfe4 // Dormammu + Doctor Strange
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1G0qFKU0OMAboLDKOgeo_4wpP0E9p-Nzs // Oppenheimer + Einstein
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1nLa8vZoaiBLpXPPGWuuPLA3gZ-lATs_J // Coraline + Cat

Conversation - Actors
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1QZSuYGhxcS5ppyTXw8PJSR0KTNlJvXdH // Jim Carrey + Zoey Deschanel
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1fnVXVW2bgz-7iOY_nMcDlCLQ_jZMUXkn // Melisa + Jason
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1B0F6sEVgZH-31IEkE68yrd_7eyeH7qo1 // James McAvoy + Anya Taylor-Joy
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1eKTxWI5q1IjW7jZd2csAxMHnIxqBq3jI // Willem Defoe + Robert Pattinson - Lighthouse
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1GQADQdhelIkFzY7ZmmIDoX6mTnwlC32A // Anya Taylor + Ralph Fiennes - Menu
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1tF7pwTsNasGVv8S5n3ZfHFJv48k_VhFV // V for Vendetta - Hugo Weaving + Natalie Portman

PL Actor
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1JMHOI5zXDwsTE3blcNVTItLbZ_ovm-PH // Cezary Pazura
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1GLH9KPxfYpOZr9KfePUqPqQV1LAOJfHb // Marek Kondrat
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1GPPaReOVDA36V4i_mfo8bQC7Wd9Dlgdr // Jerzy Stuhr
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1g3vFWRkvBJKaPbTykW7EB58EuF6kiWJA // Jerzy Stuhr - Seksmisja
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1RJOo_HpTf84mzbXYh3XGBAB631kIcq7f // Jerzy Stuhr - Kingsajz
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1wj-GTcbGd-u36SjCzptnBNRKCQIDAIZM // Borys Szyc
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1Fec9W2UE-mZZ67_HoULW4GZzOIp23gH1 // Robert Więckiewicz - Baby

PL character
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1X3Y2Ct_t2a3DWty6GNnrY1FKfJ9qQRNe // Laska
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1_OCCGUAX7027OBHqgD7X4cc13iCBAb_G // Siara
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1SUd-q-gSlKPbwR29AXfUXMjLIp8iRxXU // Franek Dolas
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1CjwQwKx7QMOfqofodinsqpyf-DznEzhu // Marnypopis
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=11C01yKxKj5WwO6-8V4pqYyPmSq_9NNX2 // Otis
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1uMAkHiqB4mK28wCv11kxs5bWHbdszEXU // Yzma
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1OVW0ZzVd3IJpXhz2kO1xd_PhsSkyD2dg // Motocyklista - Job
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1_nskXyP-cW_ikQBg8Pwl1myrfW0Gfqgc // RRrrrrrr! - Adam
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1Nh2RX96L46cWpDub0RDibYXgLtYNJwrq // Cześnik - Zemsta
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=14gF5NkkD0sHYDOO_QTDyED5VD7QGy51K // Numernabis
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1jXca2q7IPqMT4wlhvYl3nwbN5tCRT32u // Shrek - Kot
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=12kpK3vQPlv9u3R4rXcZ_ccVQ61cjYo7P // Shrek - Osioł
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1QKwr9d1FTkw9JypLXBDDqK-8xRilKbc9 // Król Lew - Mufasa
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1AR48ZLUBk5FhX7rfqCLt8VEhMQNXBLpw // Epoka lodowcowa - Sid
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1IuLF1AoBK-EhsxkpEcrNA8m478cPFGoU // Madagaskar - Skipper
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=15hRIocGveazTUx4CwtLcZiGO7gVnbr9l // Szponder - Ratatuj
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=19p1AV1WPNtF8G6SwwfcRxm1sTOlHOZeK // Roszpunka - Zaplątani

PL Conversation
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=18kK2ao0cAKHHRpPwSmNM-GjqWAI6XM6N // Ciało
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1TQBkGXx4d4KCVvlk_c0q1VVmlWdrfcZI // Poranek Kojota: Kuba + Małpa
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1cunRfVQD3jWrJLn6e84OWAGY1cjlBV8Z // Fifi + Sklepikarz
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1bkiRWr9Yp8TELC9bCGB0zvzVzGQ6dQWh // Pawlak + Kargul
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1uUgNkehj5Etel_tXnLQbLE1eUO0MleFR // Shrek - Farquad i Ciastek

PL Conversation actors
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1iJOXXUsU2jlIXqdkeAByCh2gjWwSXxKb // Testosteron - Maciej Stuhr + Krzysztof Stelmaszyk
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1HoEB73S9TlNOQ1bFZKshdeR9KSxOdQXF // Kariera Nikosia Dyzmy - Andrzej Grabowski + Cezary Pazura
https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1jnVC2pBc2TG70vTjbqGCFcmH4P93VlqG // Nic Śmiesznego - Marek Kondrat + Cezary Pazura
